okay guys welcome back this is damien
and i'm bringing you a short video here
just to show you a little terran vs
terran strategy this is me Damien of
blue Terran and this is shady gecko you
read Terran what I what I do here is I
actually put up a early barracks and an
early marine push standard Terran opener
would be a 10 supply depot in a 12 r
actual on that aids apply here I'm going
to wait for 150 minerals at eight supply
go ahead and build in a tracks and start
pushing out Marines so here we go
barracks coming down at eight supply I
don't even bother with the Scout here
and I'll tell you why because at eight
or nine supply you're not going to get
that much scouting information you're
probably going to see the makings of a
standard Terran opener and that's kind
of the premise of this strategy is that
versus a standard Terran opener this is
fantastic as long as your enemy hasn't
scouted this so if the red Terran had
maybe scouted this they might have been
able to drop a bunker or or maybe get
some Marauders out but they don't see it
coming and that is why this works so
we've got to supply people going up as
well and there we go barracks is up at
eleven supply we did supply block
ourself there for a second so a bit of a
blunder there but here we go we got this
flight ebook finishing we're gonna
mediately pump a marine out of there and
let's see what the opponent is doing
porn is just now putting up his barracks
on look like 12 they probably started
there at 13 now the depot is down they
are building a refinery as the barracks
is building that is a very very standard
Terran opener and that's what we're
banking on so let's see we do have one
marine out we're pushing another marine
out we are going to build another supply
depot here make sure we do not get
supply capped again and here's what's
interesting here second refiner going up
as the as their barracks is going up
and that is another 75 minerals used you
know and that that's kind of the premise
is going to allow us to get this and
make it work get the barracks up here
nothing coming out of it yet that's 16
supply and I've already got two Marines
on the board here and nothing coming out
of there and what's worse is they're
going to put a reactor on there which is
going to totally hinder their unit
production very early game so that that
kind of worked out good for us three
Marines up we did grab the command
center in a refinery in case this
shenanigans didn't work we could have
perhaps just try to turtle up there
maybe check up so that being said we do
have four Marines on the board we're
going to wait for that fifth one and
then we're just going to go ahead and
push reactor just now finishing they're
going to have to think some units quick
here but it's no matter how quick is not
going to be enough and that's only
because we absolutely pushed at the
right time here's five Marines we're
going to push up and what do they got
going on here they got two Marines
that's about to finish they do complete
the wall off here a factories going up
they don't decide to make any more
Marines at that point figuring two is
enough to fend off any early aggression
however they didn't know
so we've got five Marines against
Cameron's obviously
they are making two more Marines he's
trying to queue up as many Marines as we
can here comes another reinforcements
for me
and the two Marines go down very quickly
as
trying to repair goes down supplies
people is just about the fall we're
going to try to get that bear
more Marines he does pull his SUVs out
here which is actually almost work
I just live that off trying to get out
of there
try to bait me to come on and here come
the suv's against six Marines we do pull
back here even six Marines against
twenty SUVs probably not the best
and
so
just kind of dilly dallying around
that being said we do have a Hellion
come out we do make short order of the
aliens
five or six Marines by itself you'll get
a little
make a stand against the NCP
pretty bad idea so really am i growing
blunder there clearly i thought i had a
better chance against those SUVs but
that being said that's why this is
silver league alright so we have four
Marines now and again we're continuing
to produce marines to reinforce this
attack
we do decide to go after this back
guys
any more units on the board you see the
characters up in the air not producing
SCB which he decided to put back
running out of resources
going to go ahead
short work of that again
and that and I believe
when it does go ahead and call call GP
kind of it guys there it is wow GG
he does leave the game recap really
really quick guys we had an 8 Rex we did
immediately start pushing five Marines
out of that a tracks obviously building
supply depots so you don't get supply
capped we put up an orbital command in a
refinery just kind of as a precaution in
case this didn't work again the reason
this works is because the Terran
opponent went for the standard Terran
opener supply on 10 barracks at 12 by
the time their barracks came up I
already had two Marines on the board and
that's kind of the premises is if you
can port more units on the board and
push at the right time if I had waited
23 minutes to push he might have had an
army Marines already because he did put
that reactor up on the on the barracks
so again it's more of a timing push look
I've got more units i know i've got more
units I've got to make a move and folks
that's it thanks for watching this is
damien and hope to get you some more out
sometime soon thanks